3 month OJT is a short Job oriented course by TIPSG. For more details, do visit: www.tipsg.in

1) On-Job React Native Courses Certification Training Institute

The React Native certification training course by TIPS-G helps the candidates 
to master React's JSX, custom markup language, state, props, design principles, 
and event handling through real-time live examples and case studies. React Native 
is an open-source framework used to develop mobile applications quickly. 

It is easy to provide fast processing, a beautiful user experience, and user 
interface for React Native applications. The React Native Online Training 
Certification and Training course from TIPS-G offers basic to advanced React 
Native development skills and provides a practical approach with modern JS features.


What you'll learn
Introduction Equip yourself with the basics and core concepts essential to developing React Native.
Styles and Layouts Learn to apply styles in React Native while learning to develop different kinds of layouts in it.
React Native Components Learn about the various components of React Native as well as their areas of application.
React Native API Learn to use React Native API to access hardware-related features and platform-specific features.
Navigation Learn about the methods of setting up and configuring the React Native navigation library.
Remote Communication Learn about consuming remote API in React Native applications using fetch API and Axios.
Releasing Builds Learn to build and integrate React Native applications in Android and iOS operating systems.
Specifications
100% job Placement

Flexible Timing

 Realtime Project Work

 Learn From Experts

 Get Certified

React Native Courses Certification Course Overview
TIPS-G Institute provides the best React Native training courses to students who want to start high-demanding careers in the future. You'll go through intensive boot camp-style React Native practice sessions that will give you the confidence to use React like an expert. TIPS -G Institute provides interactivity and real-life examples to provide hands-on training and robust experience. The React Native training course covers core React-Native components, React-Native APIs, Authentication with Firebase, Styling, Deployment, Processing Authentication Credentials, and essential concepts such as case studies, hands-on approach, and real-time live.

React Native Certification Training Course in Jaipur
TIPS-G Institute's React Native certification training course provides an in-depth understanding of how to build real-world native applications, get you up to speed with methodologies and design principles, and explore mobile design patterns with the help of experienced instructors. Have rich looks at reusable components, work with an understanding of concepts and terminology of Redux, and deploy and prototype your applications efficiently in the Google Play store and Apple. Airbnb, Instagram, and Facebook have developed their latest application versions with React Native; hence, the learning to React Native certification course from TIPS-G will set you up for an excellent career in the future.

Why TIPS-G is The Best Institute for React Native Certification Training Course
Enroll in TIPS-G Institute's React Native App Development Training – a 
comprehensive professional program equipping learners with expertise in React Native, 
a versatile mobile application framework catering to Android, iOS, UWP (Universal Windows 
Platform), and web applications. Developed and delivered by seasoned professionals with 
over 5+ years in software application development, emphasizing React Native, the training 
ensures a practical learning experience. Focused on providing industry insights and 
hands-on expertise in mobile application development, the course prepares trainees to create diverse mobile applications. Become adept in the practical application of React Native across various operating systems like iOS, Android, Windows, and UWP, gaining proficiency in different styles of development. Elevate your skills with TIPS-G's React Native App Development Training, paving the way for a successful career in the dynamic mobile app development industry.

React Native Certification IN-DEPTH
Learn by doing code Live with Mentor.
Learn React Native from scratch.
Build Mobile Apps for Android and iOS.
Learn to integrate React Native with .NET or Node.js.
Learn to implement React Native Best practices.
Learn from Industry Experts and Technical consultants.
Learn to Build real-world projects.
Access to Learning Platform for 1Yr.
Weekly Career Coaching Sessions.
Resume Building and Review.
Why do you need to learn React Native?
In 2015, Facebook extended React to build native mobile applications on the iOS and Android platforms. React Native has created a lot of excitement in the market due to its cross-platform nature. With minimal effort, developers can reuse code between Android, iOS, and web projects. The growing interest in React Native has created a demand for skilled developers, as many development companies are switching to this technology today. React Native is used today by many multinationals and many Fortune 500 companies such as Facebook, Instagram, Bloomberg, Pinterest, Skype, Tesla, Uber, Walmart, Wix.com, and others. Figures from React Native's GitHub repository show that nearly 2,000 contributors have committed over 16,000 times with over 300 releases in 72 branches. According to Google Trends, React Native, a popular framework, has also become a trending topic.


2) On Job (RHCSA) Training Institute

RedHat certification is the sought-after certification among those who want to make an exceptional IT career. Our RedHat practice questions and answers are verified by certified expert experts in the relevant field. We ensure that with our test materials you will breeze through your testing with top results.

RHCSA is an entry-level certification that is a course best suited for system administrators as well as professionals in various related roles, including database administrators, developers, and support technicians.


What you'll learn
You will be able to pass the EX-200 exam and become Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA - EX200)
An IT professional who has earned the RHCSA is able to perform the core system administration skills required in Red Hat Enterprise Linux environments
You will be able to manage local and remote Linux servers in a corporate environment
You will gain advanced Linux systems administration skills and have a deep understanding of Linux fundamentals and concepts
New tools and commands added in Red Hat 8 and 9 Linux Networking Fundamentals, Disk Management, Server Administration, and much more...
Specifications
100% job Placement

Flexible Timing

 Realtime Project Work

 Learn From Experts

 Get Certified

About RHCSA Training Course
The Red Hat certification, specifically the RHCSA course, comprehensively covers essential topics like Linux process management, server analysis, service control, log analysis, and storage. Over the years, Red Hat Certified System Administrator courses have surged in popularity within the IT market.

Acquiring both the Red Hat RHCSA (Red Hat Certified System Administrator) and RHCE (Red Hat Certified Engineer) certifications opens up numerous job opportunities. Employers often prioritize candidates holding the Red Hat Certified System Administrator certification, making it a sought-after qualification in the job market and the IT field. The Red Hat certification, especially RHCSA, continues to be in high demand, providing professionals with a competitive edge.

RHCSA Training IN-DEPTH
Introduction to the command line
Managing physical storage
Install and configure software components and services
Establish network connections and control firewall restrictions
Monitor and manage running processes
Manage and secure files and file systems
Administer users and groups
Review the system log files and journal for issues
Troubleshoot problems and analyze systems with Red Hat Insights
Remotely manage systems with SSH and the Web Console
Install Red Hat Enterprise Linux using scalable methods
Access security files, file systems, and networks
Execute shell scripting and automation techniques
Manage storage devices, logical volumes, and file systems
Manage security and system access
Control the boot process and system services
The RHCSA certification is designed for:
Experienced Red Hat Enterprise Linux system administrators seeking validation of their skills
Students who have attended Red Hat System Administration I and II and are on the path to earning RHCSA certification
Experienced Linux system administrators who require a certification either by their organization or based on a mandate (DOD 8570 directive)
IT professionals who are on the path to earning a Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE®) certification
RHCEs who are non-current or who are about to become non-current and wish to recertify as RHCEs
Why Choose TIPS-G for RHCSA Course
TIPS-G offers the premier RHCSA course, providing an unparalleled learning experience to master all RHCSA concepts. This certification training delves into critical topics like Red Hat System Administration, Command Line Access, Local User Management, Networking Management, and more. Renowned for its interactive training sessions, TIPS-G ensures students grasp the fundamentals effortlessly, establishing itself as the go-to destination for RHCSA course excellence.

Job Opportunities for RHCSA Certified Candidates
The RHCSA certification gets you the opportunity to be a Linux System Administrator, and with time you go on to secure other high-level roles in the company.

When powered with long experience and growth in Linux skills and expertise, you can secure higher positions like:

Information Systems Engineer
Linux Support Systems Engineers
Linux Systems Engineer
Senior Systems Administrator
Linux Systems Engineers, and many others.


3) On Job Web Developer Training Institute

TIPS-G is the best web designing, and web development training institute in Jaipur. Here you can get 100% practical training in web designing. Whatever you stream, it doesn't matter because web design and web development are all about conceptualizing, planning, and building a collection of files that define the layout, colors, text styles, structure, graphics, images, and interactive features.

What you'll learn
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
jQuery
NodeJS
Bootstrap
What are we offering
At TIPS-G, our curriculum goes beyond theoretical knowledge, immersing you in live projects and interactive sessions showcasing the dynamic collaboration within the web development and designing teams. Wondering how it all works seamlessly?

As a leading Web Development Institute in Jaipur, TIPS-G IT Training Institute places a distinct emphasis on the current scope and real-time requirements of web design. Every segment of our comprehensive web designing training course is meticulously crafted to enhance your web design and development skills, ensuring you stay abreast of the latest industry trends and practices.

Specifications
100% job Placement

Flexible Timing

 Realtime Project Work

 Learn From Experts

 Get Certified

Web Development IN-DEPTH
Web designing
HTML5
Bootstrap
Introduction to SCSS
SEO Concepts
Java Script
Live Website Design Project
Hosting Websites
Jquery
CSS2 & CSS3
PHP & MySQL
Creating attractive websites
Start Your Career With TIPS-G in Web Development
If you've reached a pivotal moment in considering a career in the web development field, you have a compelling reason to explore this exciting path. For those embarking on the journey of web development, reaching out to us is the first step toward realizing your aspirations. Our web development training in Jaipur offers the anticipated support, addressing every requirement to transform your dream of a web development career into reality. We advise initiating your venture into web development programs with a clear end goal in mind.

Why Choose TIPS-G for Web Development Course
As the premier web development institute in Jaipur, TIPS-G offers unparalleled web development courses and expertise, setting countless students on the path to successful careers. Here's why TIPS-G stands out as the best web development course in Jaipur with placement, providing the following benefits:

100% placement assistance
Hands-on experience with live projects.
We help you obtain Web Development training, certifications, & jobs in Jaipur.
Faculty with over ten years of experience.
Practical and theoretical classes are conducted.
Benefits Of Joining TIPS-G Web Development OJT Program
High-tech and latest Infrastructure
Training by experienced Programmers
Advanced Syllabus
Working on live ongoing Projects
Global Certificates
100% Placement Assistance


4) On-Job iOS App Development Training Course
100% Assured Placement

Apple's iOS continues to push the boundaries of innovation with amazingly universal apps and an exciting user interface. iOS developers are also brilliant, think out of the box, and stretch their creativity to work on excellent native iOS applications. More than 70% of the world's population is now using iOS devices for their daily tasks using apps.

The On-Job iOS App Development training course will introduce you to developing iOS apps in Swift, a new programming language from Apple, and will serve as your launching point into the iOS-linked degree.

What you'll learn
Be able to build any app you want
Craft a portfolio of apps to apply for junior developer jobs
Build fully-fledged apps for your startup or business
Work as a freelance iOS developer
Master creating Augmented Reality apps using Apple’s new ARKit
Create your first Machine Learning app using Apple’s new CoreML
iOS App Development Training Course Overview
The i OS App Store is the second largest app store market in the world, and this popularity has given rise to a massive demand for iOS app developers, who are a coveted lot, given that they design apps for it.

Knowledge Hat’s introductory course on iOS development takes you through some of the basics of iOS app development using Swift; the iOS app development course by Tips-G will introduce you to essential design patterns and features and the fundamentals that form the backbone of an iOS app. Will be introduced to. You'll learn the lingo of the iOS developer and the nuances of working on this revolutionary platform. Our trainers will guide you through the do's and don'ts in the iOS development process with expertise and competence. At the last of the course, you'll be able to build an app of your own.

Specifications
100% job Placement

Flexible Timing

 Realtime Project Work

 Learn From Experts

 Get Certified

iOS App Development Training Course IN-DEPTH
You will create a portfolio of 15 apps to be able to apply for junior developer jobs at a technology company.
You will learn Xcode, UIKit and SwiftUI, ARKit, CoreML, and CoreData.
You will learn by doing, where every lesson is incorporated into a real-world app project.
After the course, you can build any app you want.
Start your own app-based business.
Become a digital nomad by working as a freelance iOS developer
Master creating Augmented Reality apps using Apple’s new ARKit
Create apps that use Machine Learning using Apple’s new CoreML
Master app design so you'll know how to wireframe, mockup, and prototype your app idea
Why is TIPS-G the best institute to learn iOS App Development?
Apple's iOS Training System: The Most Popular App Development Courses Ever With billions of apps passing through the store annually, Developing iOS apps is a lucrative business these days. Apple's Swift language plays a vital role in app development, but only a few go into it. New iOS app developers must decide how to adapt an iOS app to other devices and operating systems and build a sustainable maintenance system. The market for iOS app development is growing, and as newer iOS devices become more sophisticated, developers can make faster and more complex apps. Once you join an iOS app development training program, you can develop your apps or build iOS apps for companies that need them. TIPS-G offers iOS application development courses and programs designed with leaders in the field of development in mind. Students can take classes from the best and brightest and learn from across the globe per their schedule. But students can also invest in affordable, official certification for career or on-the-job use.

Benefits of iOS App Development Courses and Certifications
TIPS-G Specialized offers a professional certificate program for students who want to develop critical skills in the Swift language, build free apps, and develop paid apps for the network. The course series includes instruction for the language and building and working with augmented reality, one of the most popular app areas. You'll be ready to build apps and take them to a new level. The entire course series is designed to jump-start your creativity and career. You'll learn the product life cycle from start to finish and understand how to integrate web content, social media, and augmented reality into your new iPhone app.


5) On-Job Internet of Things (IoT) Training Course
100% Assured Placement

Industry experts tailor TIPS-G IoT (Internet of Things) Certification Courses. You will work on Raspberry Pi and Sense HAT and gain hands-on experience with Azure IoT Hub and Alexa Voice. It will also cover in-depth concepts such as IoT Framework, IoT Ecosystem, IoT Solution architecture, Networking Protocols, and Application Layer protocols. This course will have real-life demos and case studies that will help you master IoT technology.


What you'll learn
What is IoT, and how does it work
Properties of IoT device
IoT Ecosystem
IoT Decision Framework
IoT Solution Architecture Models
How IoT is Transforming Businesses
Major IoT Boards in the Market
Explore Raspberry Pi
Internet of Things (IoT) Training Course in Depth
Learn how to Independently Design, Code, and Build IoT products.
Learn to work with Microcontrollers (Arduino Uno, Nano, NodeMCU), Sensors, Relays, Displays, Keypads, work with main (220/110), and more.
Learn to code using Arduino IDE from basics
Learn how to use Ethernet and Wi-Fi shields
Learn how to connect to cloud IOT Platforms, Persist Data, Program Triggers, and more
Build 3 IoT products in the course
Learn PCB designing using Fritzing
Learn Designing, Casing, Soldering, and more
Learn about Manufacturing, Marketing, Certification, Angels, VC, and more.
Professionally authored, edited, carefully planned, and sequenced small lectures, most of them under 7 min and 5 min.
Guaranteed learning in every minute!
Specifications
100% job Placement

Flexible Timing

 Realtime Project Work

 Learn From Experts

 Get Certified

IoT Certification Training Course Overview
IoT stands for Internet of Things. It is the interconnection of various physical objects connected with sensors, processing capabilities, software, and other technologies. Also, it connects and helps to exchange data with other devices and systems over the Internet or any other communication network. It transfers data over a wireless network without human intervention. It offers endless personal and business utility.

The IoT course offered by TIPS-G IT Training Institute will help you learn IoT in the best possible way. You can connect and work with different physical objects simultaneously and receive data from all those devices simultaneously, anywhere and anytime. This course will help you learn the fundamentals of IoT, such as connecting different physical objects and integrating them to advance things like creating new devices that function independently. It will help professionals work better with IoT and help students work on their projects. You will also get a Certificate for IoT Course after successful completion.

IoT Certification Course Training in Jaipur
The main objective of this course conducted by TIPS-G is to understand the IoT ecosystem, various technologies used in IoT, and standards related to the Internet of Things. The multiple devices covered in this course are Raspberry and Arduino. A separate module is designed to explain the fundamentals of Embedded C and Python, combined with hands-on exposure to various embedded development boards such as the Raspberry Pi.

Why should you choose TIPS-G IT Training Institute for the IoT certification course?
ndustry-recognized IoT certification courses that cater to professionals with varied experience across industry sectors
Kickstart your IoT career with knowledge gained through industry-recognized Microsoft and other IoT Certification Training
Expert IoT instructors and hands-on exercises and lab sessions to help you gain a clear understanding of the concepts
Internet of Things certification course material prepared by SMEs with regular content updates
Receive Internet of Things Certification training from an Accredited Training Partner
How Can Learning IoT Certification Training Benefits You?
Stay relevant and ahead of your counterparts with industry-acknowledged Internet of Things certification credentials.
Create interconnected services and products through highly secure systems that exchange real-time data with multiple systems through IoT technology
Learn how to create IoT products and services that are secure and scalable across industries, including Retail, Healthcare, Government, Banking, Transportation, and more
Demonstrate commitment towards your profession by earning IoT certification, which is becoming a standard for various job roles and experiences now and shortly.
Receive higher salary packages across industry sectors for IoT-certified professionals. PayScale.com says the average pay for IoT-certified professionals is USD 52,000 to USD 157,000 per annum in the US.
Gain an in-depth understanding of the Internet of Things tech space by taking up IoT certification courses from Koenig Solutions from various governing bodies
Be part of the new norm by embracing the Internet of Things and related technologies.


6) Become a cyber security expert in 48 hours
100% Assured Placement

Empower your entire organization to defend against growing cyber security threats. Data and intellectual property are constantly at risk, so cyber security training by TIPS-G will help you protect your assets from theft or destruction. Whether it is hardware, software, or electronic data, understanding cyber security best practices will help prevent unwanted information disclosure or malicious cyber-attacks.


What you'll learn
Security Governance, Network Security, Cyber Attacks, Web Application Security, Malware
Practical Cyber Security skills through hands-on labs
Build fully-fledged apps for your startup or business
Prepare for Cyber Security interviews by learning common interview questions and how to respond
Prepare for in-demand Cyber Security certifications such as CompTIA Security+ and CEH
Cyber Security Training Course in Depth
You will learn about nation-state secret tracking and hacking infrastructure.
You will master encryption in an easy-to-follow crash course.
We cover operating system security, privacy, and patching - On Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, macOS, and Linux.
Start a career in cyber security. Become a cyber security specialist.
A certificate of completion is available, signed by the instructor Nathan House so CPE credits can be claimed. An off-site sign-up is required to provide your details for this optional certificate.
Go in-depth into security through physical and virtual isolation and compartmentalization. Covering sandboxes, application isolation, virtual machines, Whonix and Qubes OS.
Explore the threat landscape - Darknets, dark markets, zero-day vulnerabilities, exploit kits, malware, phishing, and more.
The latest up-to-date information and methods.
An advanced practical skillset in defeating all online threats - advanced hackers, trackers, malware, and all Internet nastiness, including mitigating government spying and mass surveillance.
Specifications
100% job Placement

Flexible Timing

 Realtime Project Work

 Learn From Experts

 Get Certified

Cyber Security Training Course Overview
In today’s technologically evolved business landscape, there is a drastic increase in IT security breaches worldwide. As years have passed, threats have continuously evolved, making it even more difficult for enterprises and government agencies to find the right cybersecurity solutions.

Cybersecurity Certification training is quite popular today, considering enterprises are looking to secure their data and services across platforms. Some of the widely-recognized Cybersecurity courses such as CEH, CISSP, CCNP, CCSP, CISM, and more will help professionals to gain a proper understanding of Application security, cloud security, data integrity, cryptography, network security, identity and access management, and more.

Why do you need to learn cyber security training?
Why is it necessary to learn our cyber security training? It begins with our approach to education. Training yourself or your team to handle today's threat landscape requires working through labs or learning cyber security training to protect yourself from online fraud.

As part of the cyber security training curriculum offered by TIPS-G, we have developed a curriculum that integrates interactive and engaging video-based learning with state-of-the-art lab exercises. Are you just starting? No problem! Our student learning pathways are the perfect way to jump-start your cybersecurity career. Already an expert? Our ever-expanding cyber security course library will challenge you to keep your skills sharp, so you pay attention to unexpected threats.

Who can eligible for Cybersecurity Certification Training?
Job roles that can benefit from Cybersecurity Certification training include, but are not limited to:

Network Architects
Penetration Testers
Security Architects
Security Auditors
Security Managers
Security Analysts
Security Auditors
Auditing Professionals
IT Security Administrators
Information Security Analysts
CIOs
Director of Security
IT Managers
Security Consultants
Aspiring Cybersecurity Professionals
Professionals who want to understand Cybersecurity concepts in an enterprise setup
Professionals who want to clear their respective IT Security Certification exams
Benefits of Cyber Security Certification Training from Tips-G Training Institute
Stay current in today’s highly unsafe business environment by undertaking relevant cybersecurity certification courses.
Demonstrate your passion and commitment towards your professional upskilling by earning industry-recognized cybersecurity credentials
Secure enterprise business by getting your workforce trained in the latest cybersecurity concepts
According to reports, cybersecurity breaches worldwide have caused damages to more than USD 400 billion every year. By getting your workforce trained, you are ensuring there are no more cybersecurity attacks on business entities.
Cybersecurity training in an organization empowers the workforce to be aware of security breaches, minimize the aftereffects, and be prepared better if it happens again.
Individuals with a cybersecurity certification credential can earn a higher salary from USD 85,000 to USD 140,000 per annum in the US. The salary of a Cybersecurity professional depends on their job role, experience, and location.
Minimizing human errors is one of the primary reasons for a security breach in the first place. According to an IBM report, 95% of security breaches are due to human errors.
Anybody and everybody can be part of the Cybersecurity training program, which is becoming the norm across the globe during employee induction to the organization.
Reskill and upskill for an uncertain future where security breaches will be on the rise
Reinvigorate your career with Cybersecurity training programs that will help you to gain a global recognition