"Refund Policy"
 

At https://tipsg.in , solely owned and operated by We RNS IT Solutions Private Limited, we are 
committed to providing our customers with high-quality

educational products and services. However, we understand that there may be circumstances in 
which a customer may request a refund. This Refund Policy

describes the circumstances under which refunds will be granted and the process for requesting a refund.

 

Admission and Semester Fees

 

Please note that all admission and semester fees are non-refundable. This includes any

fees paid for enrolling in an online course or program, as well as any fees paid for individual semesters or terms.

 

Course Materials and Tuition

 

You can only withdraw your upcoming course fees only in case of medical emergencies which leads to your inability to take up course curriculum ahead, you

may request a refund within 14 days of the date of purchase. To request a refund, you must contact us at info@tipsg.in or message us at : +91925163968 and

provide a detailed explanation of the reason for your request.

 

Refunds for course materials and tuition will be granted at our discretion, based on the specific circumstances of each case only when all types of documents

related to medical ailments are produced in front of our representatives when asked to do so. In general, we will only grant refunds for course materials and

tuition if the course has not been accessed or completed, and if the request is made within 14 days of the date of purchase.

 

No Show Policy

 

If you have been admitted to a course and fail to attend or participate, you will not be eligible for a refund of any fees paid.

 

Return of Materials

 

All course materials, including textbooks and other physical materials, must be returned in good condition to be eligible for a refund.

 

Processing Time

 

Refunds will be processed within 14 days of the receipt of the request. The refund will be credited to the original payment method used for the purchase.

 

Contact Us

 

If you have any questions about this Refund Policy or our refund process, please contact us at info@tipsg.in or message us at : 9251639678.